Add io package changes to 2201.2.0 release note (#2091)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.2.0-release-note.md

#### New features

##### `io` package

> - Added the support for datamapping in CSV read/write APIs.

Reviewer: Added support for datamapping between Ballerina Records and CSV in CSV read/write APIs.

Author: updated in [5487afa](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-release/pull/2091/commits/5487afa652eda8868da05e9e5fe3723497754972)

> - Added the support for datamapping in CSV read/write APIs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the support for data mapping in CSV read/write APIs
```

Author: updated in [5487afa](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-release/pull/2091/commits/5487afa652eda8868da05e9e5fe3723497754972)
